README.md, before:

# visa-sponsorship-companies

The aim of this repo is making an updated list of all companies around the world that offer visa sponsorship perk.

I collected a portion of companies that offered VISA sponsorship in **Germany** last year, but this list doesn't contain all companies. So if you have got any sponsership visa or your company offering it, feel free to create a pull-request and try to contribute.


### How can you contribute:
1. Fork the project
2. Open the `/countries/` directory.
3. If the country that yo got visa-sponsorship is not defined yet here, please create it with lowercase name.
4. Search you company name and if it is not exist add it to the end of the list.
5. Send the PR


**Please support us with a shinny ⭐**.


## Contributors

Join us!

<a href="https://github.com/SiaExplains/visa-sponsorship-companies/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=SiaExplains/visa-sponsorship-companies" />
</a>


##

📫 Let me know your suggestions & ideas:
- [![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/siaexplains?style=social)](https://twitter.com/siaexplains)
- 🌐 [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/siavash-ghanbari/)

Commit message:

feat: sorting companies by each column

README.md, after:

# visa-sponsorship-companies

The aim of this repo is making an updated list of all companies around the world that offer visa sponsorship perk.

See the list here:
<b><i>
[Demo App](https://siaexplains.github.io/visa-sponsorship-companies/)
  </i></b>

For now we added +13 countries, but we need your help, it means if you have got any sponsership visa or your company offering it, feel free to create a pull-request and try to contribute.

### How can you contribute:

1. Fork the project
2. Open the `/countries/` directory.
3. If the country that you could get the visa-sponsorship offer is not defined yet here, please create it with lowercase name in json format. (and update the index.js file as well)
4. Search the company name and if it is not exist add it to the end of the list.
5. Send the PR

**Please support us with a shinny ⭐**.

## Contributors

Join us!

<a href="https://github.com/SiaExplains/visa-sponsorship-companies/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=SiaExplains/visa-sponsorship-companies" />
</a>

## How to run Company-Finder app

First, Install dependecies:

```bash
npm install
# or
yarn install
```

Then, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

##

📫 Let me know your suggestions & ideas:

- [![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/siaexplains?style=social)](https://twitter.com/siaexplains)
- 🌐 [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/siavash-ghanbari/)
